Devops Engineer
Ravelin Technology
London
March 2015

About

    We're looking for a core member of our engineering team to mature our
    infrastructure and guide our development as we scale up and out.
    We're a lean and experienced team, running some of the most interesting
    tech in Europe today.

Expertise in

    Amazon Web Services
        You've been using AWS since before it was cool, and aren't taken in
        by all this Cloud malarkey. You know that AWS is a series of
        tradeoffs, and what those tradeoffs are. You know the weird and
        wonderful ways in which your infrastructure will betray you at 3am
        on a Saturday morning.

    Infrastructure Automation
        You get computers to do computers' work, because manually apt-getting
        on every box is for chumps. You dream of never having to ssh into a
        box, but realise that sometimes you just have to. The AWS API is a
        familiar old friend. You write automation tools in python and golang.

    System and Data Security
        You're faintly embarrassed this is even on the list, given how core
        to the job it is. You've handled audits, penetration tests, intrusion
        detection systems, and every PCI level going.

    Containers
        You've been using containers since they were lowly cgroups, and
        aren't taken in by the docker hype machine, but love the isolated
        execution context and how containers can speed up and standardise
        the development, deployment and running of code.

    Linux (in particular Ubuntu)
        You thrive on the command line, and take pride in an elegant bash
        one-liner. Spreading your linux knowledge is a passion.

    Hipsterware
        You're up to date with the latest in devops hipsterware, because
        the only way to find out if what those mustachioed artisanal toast
        eaters have produced is any good is to fire up a few VMs and see
        what it can do. And what it can't.

    Monitoring
        Getting woken up occasionally is part of the job. But making it
        easy to diagnose and recover from issues when they do happen, and
        running a great blameless postmortem are the secret to how you
        sleep so well.

    Databases, Message Queues & Data Streams
        You know the merits and disadvantages of Postgres, HBase, Cassandra
        and Redis. You can produce a watertight data pipeline that scales
        massively. You're watching the rise of Spark, and have used Kafka
        and every fooMQ going.

Knowledge of

    Golang, Python, Zookeeper, RabbitMQ, NSQ, AWS Kinesis, docker, Google
    Compute Engine, agile development

Apply

    CV and your audition video github/whatever profiles to jobs@ravelin.com
    No recruiters please.
