Senior Backend Engineer
Ravelin Technology
London
March 2015

About

   Ravelin are looking for a senior backend engineer to lead the development
   of a high volume fraud technology platform within a small tech team.
   As a founding engineer you will be invited and expected to have opinions
   about the strategic direction of the company and products, as well as
   leading the development team from the front. A successful candidate will
   be willing learning new skills (machine learning, neural networks,
   python, golang, cloud automation etc), turning their hand to necessary
   tasks and working with complete autonomy.

Technology

   Services are primarily written in Golang with Python used in data science
   heavy areas. Docker is used to standardise deployment and management
   across multiple languages and environments. Automation is paramount and
   we practice a strict continuous deployment policy.

   We embrace open source and begin with the mindset of writing our software
   to be public. We encourage everyone at Ravelin to share & present our
   work at conferences and collaborate with others wherever possible.

Expertise in

   Code for Humans
      Your machine is happy if it compiles; your team is happy if they can
      understand what it does. Your pull requests are succinct and a pleasure
      to review, you have unit tests where it matters, and you understand
      that the code is not, in fact, the documentation.


   Reliable & Resilient Software
      Not for you the happy path or the assumed network. That habit of yours
      of assuming the worst and planning for it has earned you stripes in the
      world of running software at scale under real world conditions.


   Tools for the Team
      Whether it's a smart command line utility or a core internal library,
      you excel at improving everyone's lives by removing repetition & common
      sources of error, and by solving hard problems in accessible ways.
      You build internal processes that are so reliable they melt into the
      background but are key to getting shit done.


   APIs
      You've been on the receiving end of APIs good and bad, and want to
      delight our customers with the high quality they expect. You know that
      whilst everything should be JSON, sometimes you have to get your hands
      dirty with some SOAP for that critical integration but know how to
      isolate the contagion.

Knowledge of

   Golang, AWS, Linux, docker, NoSQL/Cassandra (Mongo & Redis don't count),
   PostgreSQL, Git, Agile development, distributed system design, CI/CD 

Apply

   CV and your github/whatever profiles to jobs@ravelin.com
   No recruiters please.
